### Why do you want to work at square

I am applying for the Android Engineer position at Square Conversation because of the company's innovative approach to revolutionizing the way businesses communicate with their customers. With experience at Amazon and Microsoft, I am confident that my expertise in Android app development and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams will contribute to Square Conversation's success. Additionally, Square's focus on innovation and growth presents a fantastic opportunity for me to further develop my skills and make meaningful contributions to the company. Thank you for considering my application. I am excited about the possibility of joining the Square Conversation team.

### Why are you a great fit for our team at Kepler?

	I think I would be a great fit at Kepler because of my educational background in Computer Engineering and work experience in web development. Over the past years I’ve become very interested in the field of IOT and have even started working on my own IOT product that would automatically water my garden. Furthermore, it would stream the data to a web app where users can monitor their garden and control the watering system. From looking at my GitHub page I’ve worked on a variety of projects related to robotics, AR and hardware development. This show my desire to innovate as I don’t hold my idea back ideas. In conclusion, I believe I’d be a great fit for Kepler because of my interest in IOT and ability to innovate. 

Having had friends get co-ops here, I have heard many great things about the company and what the daily life is like, and so would be very excited to work here. Having studied computer engineering and worked at various other coops I think my skills align with the technologies and services that PagerDuty is developing. As shown is my past co-ops and projects I enjoy tackling new problems and developing new features and products. In the team I like to think of how I can push others to achieve more and challenge the way they think.

The following link has pictures and gifs of some of my past projects https://mathuran.github.io/mathuran_sadagopan/. I would like to highlight the IOT garden gnome project as it is the largest project I've worked on. My team started this project not with the goal of creating a product that anyone would really use but to learn how to an IOT product works as many automated gardening systems already exist. The idea behind this was to create a automated watering system that streams soil moisture and temperature online. Named after a garden gnome as they are creature that hide in the bushes and watch over your garden. To me this project demonstrated many aspects of working and creating a real product as we needed to use project management tools to spit the work and there was a front-end, back-end and hardware aspect to this project.

### Why are you interested in Agora?

From a young age I have always found myself fascinated in science and technology. Growing up playing with Lego Mindstorms kits, evolved into learning how to tinker with Arduinos and then becoming the president of my high school robotics club. For a long time, I have always wanted to be part of something big such as a start-up as I feel that a is where my work would have the most impact. At Agora, your mission is to make a construction as a service platform that allows customers to plan and setup construction supply chains online.  I would be thrilled to work on a project like this as I have worked on a similar construction project management platform in a previous co-op with Ellis-don. During which I worked as a front-end developer. I look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.
Why are u interested in Scale
Given that a growing number of companies are looking to be driven by data and analytics being able to make AI and ML easier to use is a must to tackle bigger problems. Growing up I have always been fascinated by sci-fi and AI’s taking over the word. My interest in tech started as playing with Lego Mindstorms kits as a kid, evolved into learning how to make python scripts and then becoming the president of my high school robotics club. I have always been looking forward to taking on bigger challenges whether that be figuring out how to organize events for my club or cracking a hard design problem. Having tried ML myself and heard stories of grad projects trying to implement AI one of the most annoying and arduous task of developing it is generating quality data that is labeled correctly. I believe your mission to turn this task into a simplified service will reshape how AI is developed and is a must for teams trying to scale their Ai models. Having read your company blog I think I resonate with many of the team’s core values and goals. I look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.

### Clumio

From a young age I have always found myself fascinated in science and technology. Growing up playing with Lego Mindstorms kits, evolved into learning how to tinker with Arduinos and then becoming the president of my high school robotics club. For a long time, I have always wanted to be part of something big such as a start-up as I feel that a is where my work would have the most impact. At Clumio, your team motivation captures me as your goal isn’t to drive people to work on the company’s product but create an environment where people can grow and start their own legacy. I think that alone is something truly special to Clumio and is something I value too. I look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.
Anduril
Given that this company is working on a military defence and surveillance technology for building a border along Mexico and America, I think I won’t align with the core values of Andruil and their reason for developing military technology.

### Vise 

For a long time, I have always wanted to be part of something big such as a start-up as I feel that a is where my work would have the most impact. Growing up my interest in tech started with playing with Lego Mindstorms kits as a kid, evolved into learning how to python scripts and then becoming the president of my high school robotics club. As I got older, I also got interested in finance and investing and through learning to trade virtual stocks to even opening my own trading account. Finding value growth stocks isn’t easy and I think by using ML models to find securities for financial advisors will be very beneficial, saving them time and effort. I look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.

### Qualia 

Looking to join a high growth start up that will challenge me.  Having watched my brother go through the home buying process I understand that there is a lot that can be improved upon by moving the process online. I think I would enjoy be a part of this project look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.
Observe
Looking to join a high growth start up that will challenge me.  My twin recently worked on a project which automated creating cloud watch dashboards that use canaries for monitoring site reliability. The reaction from developers in how much they needed this surprised me which shows current SRE tools are lacking and that Observe is making a difference to make it cheaper and better. I think I would enjoy being a part of this project and look forward to learning more about this opportunity, please feel free to reach out to me for any questions at mathuransada@gmail.com.

